A polished AI output is useful because it can accelerate real work.
It is risky when appearance convinces us that judgment is no longer needed.
First, remember the warning in Anthropic's data: artifact conversations showed more direction and iteration, but less visible checking of context, facts, and reasoning.
Second, treat the first output as a starting point.
Use focused follow-ups to expose assumptions, strengthen evidence, compare alternatives, and make uncertainty explicit.
Third, set the collaboration terms in advance.
Ask for challenge, context, grounds, uncertainty, and acceptance criteria instead of confident completion alone.
Finally, run the five-pass checklist: Goal, Gaps, Grounds, Test, and Owner.
If any pass is vague, the work may look finished, but the collaboration turn is not finished yet.
Follow Tiny Agent.
Tiny Agent helps you get better at using AI.